README.md, before:

# Shegit

[![NPM Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/shegit?style=for-the-badge&label=version)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/shegit)

Shegit modular utilities. Shegit makes JS user-friendly by providing helper functions for working with different types of data.

You can also read this `README` in [Русский](./RESOURCES/README/README.ru.md).

[MIT license](./LICENSE)

[![NPM Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dw/shegit?logo=npm&label=npm&labelColor=red&color=grey)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/shegit)

## Download

- [Full build (~18.7 kB)](https://github.com/or-temka/shegit/archive/refs/heads/npm.zip)
- [Source code](https://github.com/or-temka/shegit/archive/refs/heads/main.zip)
- [Beta](https://github.com/or-temka/shegit/archive/refs/heads/dev.zip)
- [Test field](https://github.com/or-temka/shegit/archive/refs/heads/test.zip)

Shegit is released under the [MIT license](./LICENSE) & supports modern environments.

## Installation

### Using npm

1. Installation npm (global):

   ```shell
   npm i -g npm
   ```

2. Installation `shegit` package last version:

   ```shell
   npm install --save shegit
   ```

### In a browser

1. Download source code

2. Use in your html:

   ```html
   <script src="[your_lib_folder_path]/shegit"></script>
   ```

## For Developers

We welcome contributions to Shegit!
Please review our [Contribution Guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for best practices and contribution guidelines.

Commit message:

Added documentation link for README

README.md, after:

# Shegit

[![NPM Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/shegit?style=for-the-badge&label=version)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/shegit)

Shegit modular utilities. Shegit makes JS user-friendly by providing helper functions for working with different types of data.

You can also read this `README` in [Русский](./RESOURCES/README/README.ru.md).

[MIT license](./LICENSE)

[![NPM Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dw/shegit?logo=npm&label=npm&labelColor=red&color=grey)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/shegit)

## Documentation

You can find the Shegit documentation on the [website](https://or-temka.github.io/shegit/).

## Download

- [Full build (~18.7 kB)](https://github.com/or-temka/shegit/archive/refs/heads/npm.zip)
- [Source code](https://github.com/or-temka/shegit/archive/refs/heads/main.zip)
- [Beta](https://github.com/or-temka/shegit/archive/refs/heads/dev.zip)
- [Test field](https://github.com/or-temka/shegit/archive/refs/heads/test.zip)

Shegit is released under the [MIT license](./LICENSE) & supports modern environments.

## Installation

### Using npm

1. Installation npm (global):

   ```shell
   npm i -g npm
   ```

2. Installation `shegit` package last version:

   ```shell
   npm install --save shegit
   ```

### In a browser

1. Download source code

2. Use in your html:

   ```html
   <script src="[your_lib_folder_path]/shegit"></script>
   ```

## For Developers

We welcome contributions to Shegit!
Please review our [Contribution Guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for best practices and contribution guidelines.
